Walk them back it's time to see if we can run our entire up our smart brain app with the docker container.
Let's go back to our app going to make this a little bit smaller.
Want to remove this since we don't need it for now.
You don't need any console logs.
All we want to do since our app is running on port 3000 is go back to our front end and say NPM start
yes let's run on a different port.
And this is a little bit messed up because I zoomed in.
Let's try that to 100 percent better.
Let me refresh your.
All right.
That's better.
Now let's try and register here.
I'm going to create a new user Tim at gmail dot com.
Whoops that should be the name.
Let's do Tim and then Tim at gmail dot com.
Tim register.
We're getting an error status 400 of register.
Why is that.
We go back we look at the logs of our container and all right look at that.
We have an air relation log in does not exist.
So we tried to insert.
All right so it's working but we haven't created the tables have we.
Because in order for progress to work we need those log in and user tables.
So in the next video we're going to finish up all of this.
We're going to create these tables in our docker container so that once everything is done we're hands
free we don't have to worry about it again.
I know this is a long section and we're trying to do a lot of things but stick with me in the next video
we're going to get everything working.
I'll see on that one.
Bob.